Docs 7947 disable outbound policies pa (#244)
mulesoft/docs-api-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/policies-policy-level.adoc

> = Resource Level Policies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Resource-Level Policies
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:keywords: policy, custom, ootb, offline, resource level

> Policies are by default applied to the entire API, unless configured otherwise. However, you can implement an additional level of granularity for policies, in which access is controlled based on a criteria. These are called _resource-level policies_. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unless they are configured otherwise, policies are by default applied to the entire API. However, you can implement an additional level of policy granularity, one in which access is controlled based on a criteria. Policies with this granularity are called _resource-level policies_. 
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

At the resource level of granularity, policies are applied to only those requests that match the criteria.  All policies, except the Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) policy, are resource-level.

> With Mule 4, resource-level policy support now includes HTTP-based APIs along with RAML APIs, as opposed to support for only RAML APIs in Mule 3. A policy applied at a resource level affects all HTTP methods within the resource: PUT, GET, POST, and selected HTTP methods:

Reviewer 2: Statement here and on line 15 are slightly inconsistent. The one on line line 15 is more accurate.

Reviewer: Be sure to address ^.

Author: Done! Thanks!

image::methods-resources.png[]

> You can apply multiple conditions to filter your resources and HTTP methods using the xref:configire-uri-template-regex.adoc[URI template regex] to one, multiple, or all the methods in your API.

Reviewer: Please address tech review comment and apply whatever of this edit is still applicable:
```suggestion
You can apply multiple conditions to filter your resources and HTTP methods by applying the xref:configire-uri-template-regex.adoc[URI template regex] to any number of methods in your API.
```

Author: Already fixed. Done! Thanks

> == Usage Scenarios for Implementing Resource Level Policies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Usage Scenarios for Implementing Resource-Level Policies
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

The uses for resource level policies are limitless. Listed below are a few examples of how you might implement the resource-level policies:

* Applying policies to specific resources
* Securing a subset of an API

> * Setting different limits on resources

Reviewer: Apply previous edits to the same text edited earlier.

Author: Done! Thanks!

> If you have a RAML or OAS spec attached to your API, you can use the *Preview Resource Matching* option to check which resources are affected by your your filters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a RAML or OAS spec attached to your API, you can use the *Preview Resource Matching* option to determine which resources are affected by your filters:
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

image::users-api-cropped.png[API Console displays resources and methods,height=329,width=732]

> A resource-level policy supports regular Java expressions. For example, you can use the wildcard to apply a policy to multiple resources. When you apply the policy to the API, specify the resources to which it applies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A resource-level policy supports regular Java expressions. For example, you can use a wildcard to apply a policy to multiple resources. When you apply the policy to the API, specify the resources to which it applies:
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

image::rlp-conditions.png[]

> == Guidelines for Implementing Resource Level Policies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Guidelines for Implementing Resource-Level Policies
```

Reviewer: Ditto previous edits to this same text.

Author: Done! Thanks!
